hey dudes I'm Hilah and today on Hilah
cooking we are making altima nachos
these have a cream sauce on top with
avocado and Serrano we're gonna put some
beef and two kinds of beans on there
they're basically the best nachos later
ever gonna eat so we'll start with
making our cream sauce I'm gonna put
some lime juice you can do this in a
blender or food processor I'm using this
little mini chopper thingy and add some
sour cream and if you want to use
Mexican crema you can do that too but I
like the thickness that the sour cream
offers and plain like Greek style yogurt
will also work fine add a little bit of
garlic like maybe half of a clove kind
of coarsely chopped Serrano I could use
a jalapeno if you want it less spicy and
you could also take the seeds out but I
don't bother because I like a spicy and
then half of a luscious avocado and some
salt of course that looks good I'm gonna
just set that aside and we'll start
making the beef and black bean mixture
that we're gonna put on our nachos just
start out over some edge of oil onion
and garlic salt and then I'm gonna add
my spices to the pan now so they can get
a little bit toasted up so I'm gonna put
some cumin seed you can use ground cumin
and some chili powder and I just like to
use New Mexico chili powder so that's
all that's in here just ground up
chilies but a lot of chili powders also
have garlic and cumin already added and
you can use that too it doesn't matter
add some ground beef you want to make
this vegetarian you can just leave out
the beef and do all the same seasonings
get that broken on
and I'm gonna add a little bit of water
this is a trick that's going to make the
beef break up into smaller pieces
because when you're doing something like
nachos you don't really want big chunks
that might fall off the nacho you really
want this to be a pretty fine topping
I'm gonna add don't laugh and add some
ketchup and people may poopoo adding
ketchup to anything that's not french
fries but it's basically tomato paste
with like vinegar and sugar added so
extra flavor II tomato paste as far as
I'm concerned and then some black beans
and these are ones that I cooked myself
I have a recipe for how to cook beans
from scratch on my website Hilah cooking
comm you use canned beans but either way
you just want to make sure that you
drain off all of the liquid so this
looks done once the beef is no longer
pink then you can call it quits for the
second being of our to the nachos I'm
using some refried beans I'm gonna take
my time here and spread each chip with a
little bit of beans and it does take
more time than it would if you just like
slapped everything together and a big
pile like they do at TGI Fridays but we
can do better than TGI Fridays y'all so
once you got one layer down just want to
put some of your meat just try to get it
even and if you want to do this on a big
baking sheet and just do one layer
that's totally fine
but a tall stack of nachos just seems
more celebratory so I'm gonna do a stack
and then we'll sprinkle some cheese and
be generous because there's something
weird about like the physics of nachos
and that is that cheese always looks
like less ones of melted
now shells are layered with an oven 350
5 minutes really doesn't take very long
beautiful I've got some green onion and
tomato i'ma throw on top because every
meal needs fruits and vegetables I'm
totally kidding guys don't even need to
do this because the jalapenos are
actually vegetables too sauce in a
little bag when I cut the corner off and
attempt to be fancy so hopefully it is
on the backfire oh my god I can be fancy
you guys this recipe and all my recipes
are always available at hilahcooking.com
with full details and ingredient
measurements so check it out don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already and thanks for watching and try
to get a nacho out without totally
destroying everything that is right and
good about a giant pile of nachos would
you look at that
could you not best nachos in the world
hope you try them if you make us take a
picture tag me on Instagram or Twitter
or Facebook I'd love to see your and
have a great day